README.md, before:

# Bluefruit_LE_Connect_Android_V2

Android app for use with Bluefruit Bluetooth LE modules and dev boards from Adafruit.


## App Versions

- Master branch is for version 3.x of the app (Android) 

- The source code for previous unsupported versions is available at [Bluefruit_LE_Connect_Android](https://github.com/adafruit/Bluefruit_LE_Connect_Android).


## Supported Hardware

Adafruit invests time and resources providing this open source code, please support Adafruit and open-source hardware by purchasing products from Adafruit!

This application works with the following Bluefruit LE devices from Adafruit:

- [Bluefruit LE Friend](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2267)
- [Bluefruit LE UART Friend](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2479)
- [Bluefruit LE SPI Friend](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2633)
- [Bluefruit LE Shield](https://www.adafruit.com/products/2746)
- [Bluefruit LE Micro](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2661) (Retired)
- [Feather 32u4 Bluefruit LE](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2829)
- [Feather M0 Bluefruit LE](https://www.adafruit.com/products/2995)

## License

Unless otherwise specified, all files produced by Adafruit are covered by an [MIT license](https://github.com/adafruit/Bluefruit_LE_Connect_Android/blob/master/license.txt).

Files produced by Nordic Semiconductors are covered by their own license terms, as detailed in the file headers and appropriate folders. Please carefully review the license requirements before using this source code in your own application.

Commit message:

Changes in Data in readme

README.md, after:

# Bluefruit_LE_Connect_Android_V2_Updated

Android app for use with Bluefruit Bluetooth LE modules and dev boards from Adafruit.

##The app had depriciated files and libraries we are trying to correct the app and change it to fit our purpose by making necessary changes.


## App Versions

- Master branch is for version 3.x of the app (Android) 

- The source code for previous unsupported versions is available at [Bluefruit_LE_Connect_Android](https://github.com/adafruit/Bluefruit_LE_Connect_Android).


## Supported Hardware

Adafruit invests time and resources providing this open source code, please support Adafruit and open-source hardware by purchasing products from Adafruit!

This application works with the following Bluefruit LE devices from Adafruit:

- [Bluefruit LE Friend](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2267)
- [Bluefruit LE UART Friend](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2479)
- [Bluefruit LE SPI Friend](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2633)
- [Bluefruit LE Shield](https://www.adafruit.com/products/2746)
- [Bluefruit LE Micro](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2661) (Retired)
- [Feather 32u4 Bluefruit LE](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2829)
- [Feather M0 Bluefruit LE](https://www.adafruit.com/products/2995)

## License

Unless otherwise specified, all files produced by Adafruit are covered by an [MIT license](https://github.com/adafruit/Bluefruit_LE_Connect_Android/blob/master/license.txt).

Files produced by Nordic Semiconductors are covered by their own license terms, as detailed in the file headers and appropriate folders. Please carefully review the license requirements before using this source code in your own application.
